Here are some peaker data points:

Two LM6000's in simple cycle configuration can be installed for between $43 m 
and $50 m, providing a total of 80 MW.  Looking at a 10 year deal, there is 
no way to recoup this value and ENA would not be willing to take the back 10 
years on its books without an offtaker.  If EES or DOE were willing to step 
up for 20 years, there might be an opportunity.   Assuming a 9700 heat rate, 
$3 per MWh O&M, and NYMEX plus $0.39 for gas, the spread option for a peaker 
at 4 Corners would be worth between $33 m and $47 m.  The first number 
represents the intrinsic value, and the second is inclusive of an option 
premium.  ENA's desk (EPMI) would pay somewhere in between.  Having just 
inquired with the desk regarding their appetite for taking positions (short 
65 MW, long 80 MW) in Albuquerque, they were luke warm.  Considering 
transmission constraints into Albuquerque, their bid offer spread might run 
the range of the extrinsic value on the 65 MW load.  

Depending on site conditions (available infrastructure), a barebones LM6000 
plant could make economic sense.  The plant host would likely need to pay 
some sort of premium for generation reliability.  EES could sell fixed priced 
energy with a reliability premium to the DOE.  ENA would back-to-back the EES 
contract, managing market price risk and economically optimizing the 
peaker.   

As a stand-alone market play, a peaker is marginal at best.  By receiving 
value for reliability, the project might have merit.  Based on the thin 
margins, I am skeptical that we would want to build a plant larger than the 
host's load... that is more MW than that amount on which we could expect to 
receive some sort of demand charge.  Ultimately, the demand charge needs to 
make up the shortfall between EPMI's swap value and the cost of the plant.

#sig#Steve